hey guys it's me Sarah and today I'm
coming at you with a skincare routine
and I'm really excited to do this video
for you guys because it was super
requested also sorry about my messy hair
I didn't know how to put it up so when I
get in my face to step number one it's
taking off my makeup to take out my
makeup I use the Garnier Guarnere
Garnier I can never pronounce anything
mm-hmm
the Garnier micellar I'm gonna stop
trying
I think the cleansing water I just felt
the time
[Music]
so after I take it all my makeup yikes I
wash my face and I use these st. Ives
blemish control apricot scrub so this is
what it looks like it is so so good
it has little exfoliating beads in it it
feels so good on your face I Pat my face
dry let's I have exfoliated my face I
now go in with a cleanser and actually
use a dove sensitive skin up bar of soap
this is something my mom taught me to do
I guess this is a little beauty secret
because this is what she does and
actually this is so soothing and
purifying to the face and I guess you
could just take the bars straight to
your face
I usually rub it between my hands and
then I rub it all with these I think
I've soap in my eyes because my eyes are
burning and I'm just going to rinse it
off so now I have exfoliated and I
cleanse my face my face feels so soft
and I wash my face I usually will go in
with either a face mask or a or a strip
and today I'm going to go in with a face
mask but both are super good I use the
Biore strips if I need to focus on
opening my pores or if I want to focus
on my entire face then I use a big mess
so I'm gonna be using this face mask
it's so pretty I apply it in circular
motions just because I feel like it can
really get into your skin
[Music]
this mask feels so minty I miss that
time Thanks
so this mask says to leave it on for 15
minutes I leave on my mask for a little
longer I'm not sure if this is
beneficial or not but usually finally
get on for 25 minutes it gets so dry so
hard that when you rinse it off you can
rub it you can kind of exfoliate as
you're going and it just gets rid of all
the dead skin so yeah that's just
something I do I'm not sure if that's
totally unnecessary but oh I guess I'm
just going to sit around and let this
dry for about 25 minutes it kind of that
dark outside like there's still light
but the lighting isn't as good so sorry
about that I'm just going to rinse off
this face most it is so hard like I
can't even like scrunch my forehead so
I'm going to rinse this off my face and
as I rinse it off I like to scrub it as
I was saying I guess I'm it but when
you're in this like bun because it keeps
getting in my face I don't know
so now that the face mask is rinsed off
my skin looks so smooth and it feels so
sweet as well I'm gonna try not to touch
it too much so the next thing I'm going
to do is I'm going to take this Clinique
clarified lotion so it looks like this
and then I'm going to rub this in my
face this gets rid of so much dirt and
even like leftover face mask or cleanser
that's on your face
this still managed to pull stuff off of
my face but it's probably mainly
leftover face mask but I still want that
off of my face so after I use that I'm
going to use and other cleaning products
and I'm use the moisture sir Moisture
Surge and this is the moister oh my gosh
Moisture Surge intense and it is super
soft on the skin it looks like that and
I'm going to take a generous amount and
put that on my face oh my gosh this
moisturizer it's so hydrating I love it
so much
so the last thing I do is moisturize my
lips and these are my two favorite lip
moisturizers I love the rose that's all
from Smith's and I also really love aqua
for these things are so hard to open up
it's tough in there this adds some of
gloss
so that was my skincare routine I hope
you guys enjoyed this video if you did
make sure to let me know give this video
a thumbs up and leave some nice comments
in the comments and if you want to see
more of my videos then make sure to
subscribe down below and also turn on
your notification bell so then you will
be notified every single time I upload
and all my social media is linked into
the description so you should totally
check that out and that's pretty much it
so I hope to see you guys in my next
video bye